release v1.5.3 (#672)
megaease/easegress: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [v1.5.3](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/tree/v1.5.3) (2022-06-28)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/compare/v1.5.2...v1.5.3)

**Implemented enhancements:**
- Remove HTTP hop headers [\#650](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/650)
- Optimize Kubernetes IngressController rule route policy [\#651](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/651)

> - Adapt scheme header of HTTP request [\#634](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/634)
> 
> **Fixed bugs:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Fixed bugs:**
- Wrong HTTP request scheme if the `X-Forwarded-Proto` header contains two or more items[\#634](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/634)
```

- Fix request "Content-Length" header missing bug [\#649](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/pull/649)

> ## [v1.5.2](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/tree/v1.5.2) (2022-05-10)

Reviewer 2: Why change the date of last release, got it wrong before?

Author: yeah... day of release 1.5.2 is same to day of release 1.5.1... my mistake...
